N28: Graphite (#877)
rust-gamedev/rust-gamedev.github.io: content/news/028/index.md

[spv-discord]: https://discordapp.com/users/258254056185659392
[Albin Sjögren]: https://github.com/AlbinSjoegren

### [Graphite][graphite-repo]

![Graphite](graphite_splash.png)

Graphite ([GitHub][graphite-repo], [Discord][graphite-discord],

> [Twitter](https://twitter.com/GraphiteEditor)) is an in-development vector and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Twitter][graphite-twitter]) is an in-development vector and
```
